This system is the used for collecting and displaying data streams uploaded by HJT-2005/2017 protocol, and it mainly serves as the platform of internet based environment pollution detection devices nysqetworks.

The backend server is implemented in GoLANG, using mysql database. This is designed to support thousands of concurrent TCP connections to upload real time data feeds, and deployed in practice with one thousand connections. Workflow is simple: client device establishes the TCP connection with server, which authenticates the connection and starts listening to the data feeds uploaded by client, and later process the upstream data to feed the downstream consumer components, whenever an alarm generates or an disalarm triggers, or simply broadcast the real time data for display usage. The data in MySQL is rotated in time based shards, and properly archived into ARCHIVE engine to reduce storage size. The data analysis and data processing logic are not uploaded here as it is customized by differenct clients for their specific feature.

The frontend part consists of two main components: the website implemented with React/Typescript/TailwindCSS, which is for the purpose of administration, data display, data export, and the other to be the counterpart implemented in Wechat APP, which is for the purpose of mobile display and subscription/alerts. An android version APP and html5 version of mobile website were also developed according to client's requirements, but no longer maintained as clients requested.
The frontend part is not uploaded here because it contains confidential data of the clients, while the backend implementation remains the same for different clients and therefore is safe for public repository.
